Cheddar Trouble - kweiciadam - Comp313 - Game Description 

What is the main action in the game: 

The main action in the game is to move the mouse character around the map to collect the cheese,
whilst avoiding the AI cats and the traps which are scattered throughout the map. This is an adaptation of the 3d pacman idea.


What was the hardest part of the game to get working in Unreal:

The hardest part of the game to get working in unreal was the c++ code, 
although this was fairly simple in the end result, it took a decent amount of time to learn and figure out how I would achieve the implementation 
I of the banner/ingame title and its destruction when the player came close to it. With no previous experience with this sort of coding with c++ 
in terms of unreal, I needed to follow some tutorials and google quite a bit to solve the errors I would get each time I thought I cracked it. After 
following the unreal documentation I finally managed to implement the banner saying “collect all the cheese” that is in the player’s view as the game
starts, this is then destroyed when the player gets close to it so that it doesn’t impair the player’s view and they can continue playing the game and 
having fun. Next time I am implementing c++ code I would be alot more confident as I have a good base knowledge of the interactions between unreal, 
blueprints and c++ code now. If I were to face another issue I would first check the unreal documentation as it is very well documented for the most part,
then some forums of people asking similar questions.


What is the most interesting part of the game: 

The most interesting part of the game is the cat AI characters that roam the map, these are interesting 
as they randomly select a location to move to within a radius around them, this adds an extra challenge to the player as they need to navigate the map 
and avoid the cats. I found this aspect interesting as I got to learn  a great deal about AI within unreal and was very satisfied with the outcome. 
In future I will be able to adapt this knowledge and expand on it to create even more advanced AI. The Cats are a fun addition to Cheddar Trouble and I
was very interested in the process of creating them within my game.
